Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
>>>A programming language is specific human readable way to telling computer what to do?
What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
>>>     JDK contains JRE, compiler and debugger.
        JRE - Java Runtime Environment
        Compiler - translates Java code into machine code
        Debugger -  provides inspection and debugging.
What is IDE?
>> It is an software application which helps user to do coding fast and easy way.
What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
>>Eclipse, intelliJ,NetBeans,JDevelopers,JCreators are famous in market to helps user to do code.
Explain the entire java life cycle.
what is class?
>> A class is blueprint for an object.Class let us to make an object. without class we can't make an object.
What is object?
>>Object is a Specific elements of a class. an object expressed by the variables and methods.
What is the entry point of an application?
>> The main method() is the entry point of an application.
Why main is static?
>>Main is a static method so the user can call any static method that created outside the main mathod without
creating any object inside the main method.
Which class is the superclass of all classes?
>> The object class which is stored in java.lang is the superclass of all classes.
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
>>>     Path is an environment variable which is used by the operating system to find the executables.
        Classpath is an environment variable which is used by the Java compiler to find the path,
        of classes.ie in J2EE we give the path of jar files.
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
>>In Interface all method must be abstract method, Abstract class contain normal method and abstract method.
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
>>No. It is not possible to create an object from an Interface and abstract class. We have to override all of
its method to use it.
what is Access Specifier?
>>It is a Keyword in java to setup accessibility of classes, methods and other members in java.
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
>>Object oriented programming is oop. They are abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance, and polymorphism.
    Abstraction: It is the process of hiding certain information to everyone except the user.
    Encapsulation: this java process make sure that some data information is hidden from user. to get these
    we have to use "get" and "set" Keyword. and the method should be private.
    Inheritance:In this process we can inherited data information from one class to another class by using
    keyword "extends".
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
>>It is a folder where we can create a multiple class inside it to avoid name conflicts and batter coding.
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?








